 Morning Musume is an all-girl J-pop group from Japan. Since their expansion into the Chinese market in 2007, it officially adopted the name Jou On Siu Neui Jou in Chinese market.[1] They are sometimes also referred to as "Momusu".Their act revolves around singing and dancing to generally upbeat melodies. They are the lead group of Hello! Project, masterminded by Naoki Yamazaki,[2] and managed by producer Tsunku, who composes nearly all the lyrics and melodies for their songs. Currently, Morning Musume is Japan's Best Selling Female Group.[3]
Musume in this context, means girl, although the literal meaning is "daughter." The group is particularly well-known for its ever fluctuating line-up, with "graduations" and auditions occurring nearly each year. Over the years there have also been several splinter groups, (including, but not limited to, Tanpopo and Pucchi Moni) and Morning Musume often works closely with other Hello! Project acts, including but not limited to Aya Matsuura, Berryz Kobo, Melon Kinenbi, and v-u-den.
Members 
Ai Takahashi
Risa Niigaki
Eri Kamei
Sayumi Michishige
Reina Tanaka
Koharu Kusumi
Aika Mitsui
Li Chun
Qian Lin 
Former members 
Miki Fujimoto
Hitomi Yoshizawa
Makoto Ogawa
Asami Konno
Mari Yaguchi
Rika Ishikawa
Kaori Iida
Ai Kago
Nozomi Tsuji
Natsumi Abe
Kei Yasuda
Maki Goto
Yuko Nakazawa
Sayaka Ichii
Aya Ishiguro
Asuka Fukuda 
History
Japanese producer Tsunku started the group in 1997 through an audition for a female rock vocalist for his band Sharan Q. The audition was held on the Japanese TV show Asayan. The winner was Heike Michiyo, later to become a soloist under what would eventually become known as Hello! Project. However, Tsunku decided to form a girl group consisting of five of the runners-up: Yuko Nakazawa, Natsumi Abe, Kaori Iida, Asuka Fukuda, and Aya Ishiguro. They were issued a challenge to sell 50,000 copies of their demo single, "Ai no Tane," within five days. They managed the feat in four, in a very grassroots manner, and Tsunku began his mission to create the most famous all-girl group in Japan.